# DDI Contrib Back End Team Meeting #3
Meeting: 2017.10.31, 10 am PDT
Meeting led by: sparklingrobots 

## Participants 
* sparklingrobots 
* cboyden
* laurarocks
* angelam
* mdrummond
* sugaroverflow
* zenlan
* caralin

## Confirm test teams

* Sparklingrobots wanted to see if we are okay with our teams & our timezones. 
* Perhaps we will use part of the large group back-end time for team check-ins in the future. 
* Sparklingrobots asked cboyden to lead Team A (confirmed), agentrickard to lead Team B (confirmed), alexdmccabe/michaellenahan to lead Team C (unconfirmed) and Zenlan to lead Team D (unconfirmed)
* mdrummond suggested three steps that need to be completed before we break into teams: 
  * Having a local development environment, 
  * Knowing how to contribute with patches etc.,
  * Know how to work with tests.
* How do teams communicate?
* Do we wait to start serious work until after summer is over? 

## Standardizing workflow/environments

* mdrummond reports: "Drupal is in a weird place due to the shift to using composer. The main Drupal repo is the equivalent of what goes into a Drupal webroot. So it includes not only drupal/core but the files one level up, which are generally called scaffolding files, including the composer.json file. If you want to use drush or drupal console, those are now installed on a per site basis, not globally. Which means that you need to pull them in with composer. However if you just use the normal repo version of Drupal, and you add in drush and drupal console or whatever else to its composer.json, then the composer.json file will show up as having been changed when you go to make a patch. If you use drupal composer project to set up your local, then the scaffolding files and drupal/core end up in the web directory. However your git root is one level up from there. So if you go to make a patch based on the files in the web root, then it won’t necessarily apply correctly to the main drupal repo when the patch is tested on drupal.org. So what I’ve done in the past is use the web root as the area where I do my work. Then I make a patch. Then I have another directory where I’ve cloned the drupal repo, and I apply the patch to that in a branch. Then from there I make a new patch against the repo and do an interdiff."
* cboyden suggests "It's also possible to edit the resulting patch and fix the a/b lines to set the right base directory. Should be possible to whip up a script that would automatically fix the directory on a patch?"
* How do we know which version of core/contrib to make the patch with? 
* TODO: Capture the details of this conversation in our documentation. 
* mdrummond is checking in with his coworkers who are contributing to D8 core to learn how they are doing it. 
* There are core contributors in channel who may also be able to help.

## Reviewing first time contributor guidelines from angelam

* https://github.com/drupaldiversity/contrib/blob/angelamnr/teams/backend/contribution/example.md
* Please try this out, use it and report back with what you liked, what was missing, etc. 
* Code review and testing sections could both use some extra love.

## How do we move forward (extension of earlier discussion on teams)

* We decided that asking the team to have a local development environment set up by next meeting would be a good ask. 
* If anyone needs help with that, please ask in the channel!

## Next full-group check-in

* sparklingrobots will send out a doodle

## mdrummond updated his resources on testing in Drupal and is open to feedback/contribution

* https://github.com/mdrummond/Writing-Tests-for-Drupal

## OPEN FLOOR

* We checked in on how people are feeling--the consensus seemed to be excited but scared of tests. :) 

## Examples Module

* Zenlan suggested working on Examples module, specifically the Simpletest example module
* First step: fix the 2 tests, then deprecate and rewrite as an effective example of PHPUnit test
* mdrummond reached out to the maintainer (Paul Mitchum). Paul is happy to have our help but warned us of some plans to move the simpletest and phpunit tests into a testing_examples.  Drupalize.me may also be working on this so Marc is reaching out to Joe to find out more. 
* zenlan will create the ticket on d.o and sparklingrobots will assign to herself to reserve the issue for our team. 

## RECAP/NEXT STEPS

* Set up your local dev by next meeting 
* Create examples module issue on d.o (zenlan)
* Assign issue to self (sparklingrobots)
* Talk to Joe at drupalize.me (mdrummond
* Capture details of workflow/environment set-up question in documentation (unassigned)