# DDI Contrib Back End Team Meeting #1 - 
Meeting: 2017.10.18, 10 am PDT
Meeting led by: Everyone! 

## Participants 
* sparklingrobots
* cboyden
* zenlan
* angelam
* alannaburke
* laurarocks
* mdrummond
* alexdmccabe
* sugaroverflow
* gusaus

## PM for the back-end team
* sparklingrobots doesn’t have the bandwidth to manage this one and doesn’t want to be a blocker. 
* A job description would help
* What tools do we have? github repo that we can use lightly for meta-organizing work, slack, d.o
* Did we come to any conclusion about the rocketship? 
	* We will need a site to manage it. 
* Here is an example: http://www.drupal8multilingual.org/issues/focus
* it can be pretty helpful to have something to give an indicator of which issues are being worked on and where they’re at. That’s hard to track by hand. 
* Rocketship helps with setting up visual “lanes” to track the status for individual issues.
	* No decision reached
* http://simpletest-countdown.org/
* We will pick one issue and work together to get started, and then ideally we’ll spread out and ~take over the world~ finish the phpunit conversions!
* @agentrickard & @zenlan have both offered to take it on to start


## New thread to talk about what the whole test conversion thing means!
* There are still a whole bunch of SimpleTest tests in core, and we want to get them all converted to PHPUnit. https://www.drupal.org/node/2735005 
* http://simpletest-countdown.org/
* "Just focus on getting the tests to be green with minimal changes and without loss of coverage." To accomplish that, it's best to run PHPUnit locally first before submitting the patch.
* Do we need mentoring or one-to-one to help folks get up to speed with a local install? 
* How to run an existing test?
	* I really don’t actually know what it means to convert those tests or what it requires or are the a lot of issues or just one…
* Zenlan added some documentation for getting stuff up & running to our github LINK
* If our knowledge base proves useful we can contribute to the d.o. pages

## Reach out to the phpunit initiative team
* Do we need to reach out to them?
* I’d like to let *somebody* know that we’re coming in and that we have some new folks and would like some extra kindness in the queues.

## Local set-up
* What sort of local dev env do most work with here? 
* Mix of LAMP, MAP, WAMP, Docker, Laravel Valet, Acquia Dev Desktop, Homebrew, Drupal Console, etc etc etc
* Should we attempt to standardize? If yes, who can lead the charge on establishing that standard?

## angelam is working on making some resources/documentation for first-time contributors
* When writing documentation, what is the most helpful for learning? Right now I'm planning on walking through an example contribution with screenshots. I don't really have the setup to do a video.
* Where should the documentation go? Should I put it in the contrib wiki, should I make a markdown file with this info in the contrib github repo, are we going to use rocketship, or should this go somewhere else?
* alanna is good at wikis and will set it up once angelam has written it up 
* gusaus offered for Drupal Dojo to help with videos or live training sessions/knowledge share over Twitch.tv cc @ikit-claw
* gusaus mentioned Drupal Dojo also have a site built on ELMS where any classes/training materials can reside https://www.elmsln.org/
 
## Next Steps & Important Items
* Meeting times are moved to Tuesdays at 10 am PST
* Pick an issue to get started on [task]
* zenlan & agentrickard are going to PM at least to start
* zenlan posted some notes about getting things up and running
* Run a quick intro on what we need to set up locally [task]
* Run a quick intro on how to run tests and how testing works [task]
* angelam is working on resources for first-time contributors, alannaburke is going to put it in our github wiki for now
* If anyone needs to be confirmed on drupal.org, alannaburke & alexdmccabe can confirm you

