# DDI Contrib Back End Team Meeting #2
Meeting: 2017.10.24, 10 am PDT
Meeting led by: sparklingrobots

## Participants
* sparklingrobots
* agentrickard
* alannaburke
* alexdmccabe
* angelam
* caralin
* laurarocks
* mdrummond
* Nick Wilde
* zenlan

## Should we look for other testing issues outside of the phpunit initiative

* See the analysis at https://github.com/drupaldiversity/contrib/issues/10 done by zenlan.
* Should we consider looking at other work for this team given that most of the remaining work is tagged as “hard” or “very hard”?
  * What tests do we want to focus on? Contrib? D9 blockers? Issue triage? Writing testts for novice issues?
  1 Learn to use the queue
  1 Help enforce bug reporting standards
  1 Write tests that show bugs
  1 Fix bugs
* Do we want to stay focused on testing work?
  * Yes.
* See https://www.drupal.org/node/2608062 for background.


## mdrummond's proposed workflow

*  identify issues to work with,
* set up a group of 2-3 people to work on each issue together: Someone who understands tests can help guide somebody else as to how to approach the issue, what things to look at without writing the code themselves. The mentee actually writes the patch. Then at least one other person tests the issue to see if it works and posts that on issue. If that person feels comfortable they can also do code review on the issue or the mentor can do that. Then all work together to get issue to RTBC.

* Idea approved.
* How to split into teams?
  * zenlan is going to try based on the conversation today

## Updates on resources gathered

* See https://github.com/mdrummond/Writing-Tests-for-Drupal for testing resources
* People need some help setting up and running PHPUnit tests and a proper dev environment.
  * See https://github.com/drupaldiversity/contrib/tree/master/teams for documentation
  * https://github.com/drupal-composer/drupal-project is an option but doesn't pull core's Git history
* caralin has been putting together docs -- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vI37_UMC59yTXLqBE6zXX7gvBdzTpcINJFoPiw-5R0k/edit#heading=h.8klq5yujpzks -- which need review and addition to the git repo.
* angelam has an example for issue contribution that needs adding to the repo

## GitHub repo FAQ

* Who should be the admins?
  * Tabled issue for a full meeting of the combined teams.
  * Co-oganizers and PMs: sparklingrobots, mdrummond, agentrickard, zenlan, Tori and kefletcher are current admins
  * Future admins are locked until we formalize policy with the larger group
* What is our branching strategy?
  * Currently, each contributor has a branch
* What is our PR process?


## Github repo community profile

* See https://github.com/drupaldiversity/contrib/community
* zenlan to add issue templates
* agentrickard suggests GPL 2 (standard Drupal) license.

## Next Steps

* zenlan has offered to pull together the 2-3 person teams we discussed earlier, so soon you should be on a team and can start actually picking an issue and working!
* alannaburke offered to look over all of our notes and resources and trying to compile it into the most useful wiki
* mdrummond is going to update the Testing Resources doc with new material
