# DDI Contrib Back End Team Meeting #3
Meeting: 2017.10.31, 10 am PDT
Meeting led by: sparklingrobots 

## Participants 
* sparklingrobots  
* zenlan  
* caralin  
* angelam  
* mdrummond  
* agentrickard  
* alannaburke
* alexdmccabe  
* laurarocks  

## Homework report: Did you set up a local D8 environment? If yes, how did it go? If no, how can we help?

Several people reported being ready to work: 
* zenlan
* alexdmccabe
* alannaburke
* laurarocks
* angelam
* agentrickard

Not ready: 
* sparklingrobots 

Caralin is working as a reviewer and doesn't feel a need to have an environment ready at this time. 

TODO: Documentation for getting set up could be improved (e.g. Suggestions for a server environment a la Dev Desktop or VirtualBox.) 
TODO: Add the d.o/tools link to our contribution materials. (thanks to laurarocks for the suggestion!) (sparklingrobots)

## All-Hands Meeting Scheduling

sparklingrobots created a doodle to schedule the ongoing monthly meetings. Should show times in your local time zone. 

TODO: Fill out this doodle https://doodle.com/poll/ei7g4edvw5m8z6s3 (ALL)

## STEPS FOR CONTRIBUTION

Created by mdrummond: 
1) Get local setup
2) Understand how to make Drupal patches
3) Understand the process for working with PHPUnit tests

## Open Question Time

* When will people try to start working and what do they feel is blocking that?
* I like the way the theme team is tagging their issues on github with theme - maybe we should use test? (sparklingrobots set up a tag on github)

## Contacting Module Maintainers

We had a lengthy conversation about if/how we should contact module maintainers for work we are doing. 

* Do we need to ask the maintainers? If newbies to the issue queue feel like they can't just dive in then we are sunk
* Reaching out to module maintainer happened because sparklingrobots doesn't want to add a new roadblock of "must talk to maintainer", but wants to pave the way with friendliness for new contributors.

Potential plan for going forward: 
* Always post publicly, then move to back channels only as needed. 
* If you are scared to post in the issue queue, you can ask agentrickard and/or ddi-contrib-team to review your post and give feedback first. 
* "I'd like to contribute X and plan to do Y. Does that approach seem workable for your plan for this module?"

Agentrickard suggest that we should track how our issues/contributors are handled and perhaps follow up on issues as needed. For the purposes of DD&I, we _need_ to start in the public queue so we can guage what kind of response new contributors are getting and be corrective if need be. 

sparklingrobots asked to hear from folks who have not contributed on this issue, too. 
* Yes this is one of the things that is making a contribution difficult. To find something that you can actually work on :smile:
* And I’m always scared to post anything in the issue queues, in fear of not getting it right…

TODO: A) create issue plan/query on d.o; B) @mdrummond goes undercover for the lowdown; C) A+B good responses we dive into the examples module; D)  A/B duff responses we abandon ship and start our own examples module yaaarrrr (Zenlan)

TODO: Create a list of issues tagged or otherwise maintained for our team.
  * Tagging might not work b/c sometimes people remove tags. We _might_ be able to get a new tag added by d.o. webmasters   
  * For now we can create a list of good issues to start on in GH. 
