# DDI Contrib Back End Team Meeting #5
Meeting: 2017.11.14, 10 am PDT
Meeting led by: sparklingrobots 

## Participants 
* sparklingrobots  
* zenlan    
* mdrummond  
* agentrickard  
* cleverington
* alexdmccabe  
* laurarocks  
* cboyden 
* Nick Wilde

## Is everyone ready with D8 dev environment & knowing how to patch? 

* sparklingrobots & zenlan reported being ready

## How do people feel about their test writing skills? How can we support you?

* agentrickard suggests these steps: 
 - Writing out what you are trying to test & letting a mentor review. Write in Gherkin syntax: http://docs.behat.org/en/v2.5/guides/1.gherkin.html

## Are we ready to move into our smaller teams and get to work?

* We swapped laurarocks & mdrummond so the teams would have more similar timezones. 
* We disbanded a team as cleverington isn't able to contribute at this time. Moved michaellenahan to Team C & alexdmccabe to Team B as reviewer.
* sparklingrobots will start with this issue: https://www.drupal.org/project/examples/issues/2923174

## Let's look at zenlan's d.o issue. https://www.drupal.org/project/issues/examples/2922966

* agentrickard will start looking for some more tests. 
* We discussed how to define a "testing issue". agentrickard proposed: 1) A bug that needs fixing that has no tests. 2) A buggy test (a test that doesn't actually test what it should) 3) something that has no tests
* sparklingrobots proposes that these issues be added to our ongoing list of issues & each mentor can select their preferred issues

## DDI Contrib Team Org on d.o

* sparklingrobots realized that we can credit DDI Contrib Team as an org as long as we have it on our profiles
* She created the org here: https://www.drupal.org/drupal-diversity-inclusion-contribution-team. Edit your profile, and look for tabs for “Personal Information”, “Drupal” and “Work”. Under “work” you can add Organizations. Type in “Drupal Diversity & Inclusion Contribution Team” and hit save & it should find the matching org.
* It's possible that using this org will reduce credits to employers/other orgs. We will discuss with full group at our next meeting. 

